Update style guide and apply edits (#3499)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/doc_styleguide.rst

The |NCS| documentation follows the Zephyr |sg|, and adds a few more restrictive rules that are described below.

Page structure
==============

Keep titles and headings as short and to the point as possible.

> Add table of contents if the page is long and has several sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add table of contents if the page has sections.
```
We said that we won't make any rules for the length of the page, and that we'll add the ToC even if there is only one section.

Do not use consecutive headings without intervening text.

Table of contents
-----------------

> If your page uses headings, add the ``.. contents::`` directive just under the page title:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your page uses sections, add the ``.. contents::`` directive just under the page title:
```

.. code-block:: none

    1 .. _lib_aws_fota:
    2
    3 AWS FOTA
    4 ########
    5
    6 .. contents::
    7    :local:
    8    :depth: 2

This will add a clickable table of contents at the top of the page.

.. note::
    Do not use table of contents if the page has a list of `Subpages`_.
    To make the page hierarchy easier to navigate, using heading-based sections with the subpages section on one page is not allowed.

Subpages
--------

Use the ``.. toctree::`` directive at the bottom of a page to list pages that are located further down in the hierarchy.
For example, the :ref:`documentation` page has the following list of subpages, which includes this very page you are reading:

.. code-block:: none

   .. toctree::
      :maxdepth: 2
      :caption: Subpages:

      doc_build
      doc_styleguide
      doc_templates

> For clarity of structure, pages with the subpages section do not contain headings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For clarity of structure, pages with the subpages section must not contain sections.
```
